[pat]   You Awaken on Christmas morning, it’s the early 2000s; the sun is barely peeking over the horizon as you sneak downstairs into your living room while your parents still slumber and boot up your PlayStation 2. You turn the TV volume down low just enough for you to hear the iconic booting up sound. So many games for you to play: Kingdom Hearts II, Gran Turismo 4, Jak and Daxter. They're all great, amazing in fact, but one game catches your eye and draws you to it. Like a sirens song You spend hours upon hours smashing buttons, transversing the many tales laid out by the developers and making unforgettable memories. It stands the test of time, unfazed by the sands of the hourglass, and remains one of your favourite games of all time.

These are those games!

[pat]	I'm Wompa

[josh]  	I'm rat



[pat]	After sitting down in a deep dark basement one day for 10 hours straight, starved of any       oxygen, food or drink we've finally worked out our favourite games of all time

[josh] 	if you enjoy the video feel free to subscribe for more content!

[pat]	[Resident Evil VII: Biohazard]

[josh]	[Portal (franchise)]

If there’s any game that made you feel like a total fucking moron and the smartest man in the room at the same time it’d be the portal franchise. There’s just something about GlaDos’ back-handed compliments and monotone delivery that gives a certain charm to a very apparent superiority complex. Each puzzle, regardless of how difficult, prompts the player to celebrate and be praised only to be cut-down by witty one-liners expertly written by the likes of Chet Faliszek and Erik Wolpaw. Furthermore, the way Wheatly juxtaposes GlaDos’ immense intelligence with moronic, nonetheless hilarious, dialogue just magnifies the appeal of a perfect puzzle platformer. 

To say the gameplay is engaging is an understatement; each level is intrinsically intricate and flows perfectly with the player's mental progression. None of the levels feel like a cheap gimmick limiting your progress and instead relies on the player’s ability to work outside the box and develop a new way of thinking. 

Portal is what all first person puzzle games wished they could be.





[pat]	[ABZU]


Taking place within a desolate alternate-like reality, ABZU in my opinion achieves something most other games have failed to capture properly...a feeling of utter contentment. Swimming through different multi-staged levels, most of the game takes place entirely underwater. From the fluidity of your diver's movements as you traverse across this seemingly forgotten realm of sunken temples, ancient war machines, and an ever-looming shark guiding you along your path.
Your goal as the player is to reintroduce extinct species back into the environment while at the same time gaining spiritual guidance to bring life back to the areas of the map that are seemingly void of life. Throughout my playthrough, I tried to get every accessible interaction because I felt like fucking mother nature up in this bitch. I would recommend ABZU to anyone who is looking for some cheap therapy to bring themselves to a close state of “Fernweh” (the German word for having a feeling of being homesick and longing towards a location that you’ve never been to before).
Ultimately, whether it be from the stunning visuals, extremely well-made level designs, or interesting story. ABZU for me as a game is one of those hidden gems you come across every once in a while that never really seems to leave your mind.


[pat]	[Outlast (franchise)

[josh]	[Resident Evil Revelations 2]

I cannot begin to express how much I loved this game; Before I begin this review I'd like to make it clear that I rarely buy games directly from steam. I'd much rather buy super cheap bundles but in this case I bought the game directly from steam along with episodes 2, 3 and 4.

The story is unbelievably brilliant. It does take some time to kick-off but once the ball starts rolling it's like an avalanche of emotions. Like a boa it wraps you and holds you so tight to the point that you'll never forget what happened. Each character is beautifully written with memorable interactions and even more memorable lines; the vocal work from Michael McConnohie and Gabrielle Pastore is amazing as they display an immense amount of chemistry together. Every line, whimper and scream is delivered with pure conviction and authenticity

The final interaction between Moira and Claire in Episode 4, without spoiling anything here, is intense. It's something I couldn't expect and something I wish I had had more time to process.. 

The actual gameplay is entertaining with each character feeling unique while also following the same distinct blueprint; the enemies aren’t too tough and it feels like a game that focuses more on development of story and establishing bonds than being a struggle fest although management of resources is a huge struggle if you aren’t used to games like this. The raid mode is also interesting and one I find myself engaging with more and more often.

This is the game that got me into the Resident Evil franchise and one I’ll never forget.

[pat]	[Simpsons: Hit and Run]

[josh]	[Dark Souls 3]

I’m gonna say it.

Dark Souls 3 is the best souls game.

Everything that was good about Dark Souls and Dark Souls 2 was blended into an amalgamation of Souls-like horror; the movement is beautifully smooth with, especially when spamming fast rolling, the boss fights are extremely memorable with the likes of Pontiff, Gael, Nameless king and Sister Friede, and the NPCs are just as oddly charming as ever. With four possible endings the game has a staggering amount of replayability, numerous rings, spells, miracles and gestures to collect as well as pvp to dominate.

There is no better souls game than Dark Souls 3.

[pat]	[Bioshock]



[josh]	[Katana Zero]

KatanaZero is, in all senses of the word, a gaming masterpiece. The writing is complex but manages that complexity with perfection, the game mechanics, slowing time, are unique and executed amazingly, the neon VHS cyberpunk-esque artstyle fits perfectly and, in terms of difficulty, it feels just hard enough to make you push, think and adapt.

It is an exploration into the effects of war, drugs, PTSD and discovery of self; each moment in this game, outside of the mindless slaughter, explores a deep, gritty part of human nature. You play as Zero and, without spoiling too much of this one-of-a-kind story, you spend the entire game choosing a path which will explain as much or as little of his backstory as you choose and leaves plenty for personal interpretation. KatanaZero does not stray away from the worst part of what makes people human instead it embraces it and uses it to magnify their narrative. This, combined with a perfect score by LudoWic and Bill Kiley, creates what I consider to be the perfect game as it plays like your classic side-scrolling platformer hack-n-slash but feels like an investigation into man and it's greatest mistakes.

	}Honourable Mentions{

[pat]	[Game Dev Tycoon, Spongebob, Halo ODST, Tony Hawk Underground]

[josh]	[Dark Devotion, Soma, BF3, Sleeping Dogs, DMC5]

[Dark Devotion]

Souls-like rogue-like platformer with a gorgeous aesthetic and a beautiful soundtrack

[SOMA]

Underrated psychological horror from the creators of Amnesia; just as good

[BF3]

The first multiplayer first person shooter I ever played so I remember it with utter fondness

[Sleeping Dogs]

The best gritty open-world game I’ve played; the story is remarkable and heart-wrenching.

[DMC5]

Extremely entertaining third-person hack-n-slash; we stan Dante

